# -overview-
It contain a paper and paper is an app.
-Nlp-aboutapp-linkwas crated for app in word paper to the file - html- frontend-/
-Nlp-paper- created link -name-<about app>file will generated by the link -/
#file contain . html/ source-nlp
#this app is your sights for knowing useful knowledge to your life , you can use it following links every link is a doorway for emence of knowledge that will boost to get going for we human. this app is crated on to one single "Paper" , you follow link and enter the lights web all-around be cautious to not known to link , it also can led to to lost because their is link gates which can take you to complex ways to in and out.
I wish you great luck for education journey . you will be found various other sources to be establish self image.
you believe me I crate you " Image"
for being as educated join yourself to education , I recommend education will lead you to identify world , human and life.
let's go to journey - " Paper"./
/////_______Page "1"./
[paper]https://start the life file . extension 
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
    <title>App Paper</title>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>About the App</h1>
    <p>This app is your guide to useful knowledge in life. Each link is a doorway to immense knowledge that will help you grow as a human being.</p>
    <p>Follow the links carefully as they can lead you to unknown territories and paths. Education is key to understanding the world, humanity, and life itself.</p>
    <p>Good luck on your educational journey!</p>

    <h2>Paper Links:</h2>
    <ul>
        <li><a href="file.html">Name of File</a></li>
    </ul>
</body>
</html>

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
  <title>About the App</title>
</head>
<body>
  <h1>About the App</h1>
  <a href="start_the_life.txt">Click here to open the file "start the life"</a>
</body>
</html>
https://github.com/<username>/<repository>/blob/<branch>/<path-to-file>
https://github.com/<stromlight>/<overview>/blob><main>/<path-to-"start the life">
https://github.com/<stromlight>/<overview>/blob><main>/path-to-"i am human.txt">


